Refactor/remove base vpc (#5)
mariammartins/terraform-example-foundation: 0-bootstrap/README-GitHub.md

1. Update `common.auto.tfvars` file with values from your GCP environment.
See any of the envs folder [README.md](../3-networks-hub-and-spoke/envs/production/README.md#inputs) files for additional information on the values in the `common.auto.tfvars` file.

> 1. You must add your user email in the variable `perimeter_additional_members` to be able to see the resources created in the shared vpc project.

Reviewer: NIT: maybe this would be more concise?

```suggestion
1. You must add your user email in the variable `perimeter_additional_members` to be able to see the resources that are created in the shared vpc-sc perimeter.
```
